EC0744SLLS1
Retail Trade: Subject Series - Product Lines: Product Lines Statistics by Kind of Business for the United States and States: 2007

These data are final; they supersede data released in earlier data
files. Includes only establishments of firms with payroll. Data
based on the 2007 Economic Census. For information on
confidentiality protection, sampling error, nonsampling error, and
definitions, see
Survey
Methodology [pdf].



E$X
	X	Not applicable

E$Z
	Z	Less than half the unit shown

Source: U.S. Census Bureau, 2007 Economic Census 

Note: The data in this file are based on the 2007 Economic
Census. To maintain confidentiality, the Census Bureau suppresses
data to protect the identity of any business or individual. The
census results in this file contain sampling and nonsampling error.
Data users who create their own estimates using data from this file
should cite the Census Bureau as the source of the original data
only. For the full technical documentation, see Survey Methodology
link in above headnote.



Universe Description
The universe of this file is all establishments of firms with
payroll in business at any time during 2007 and classified in
Retail Trade (Sector 44-45).
Data Items
This file contains data on:

  Number and total sales of establishments with the product
  line
  Product line sales
  Product line sales as a percent of total sales of
  establishments with the product line and of all
  establishments
  Sales of establishments reporting product line sales as a
  percent of total sales
  Percent of product line sales accounted for by kind of
  business

Geographic Coverage
The data are shown at the United States and State levels.
Industry Detail
The data are shown for 2-digit and selected 3- through 7-digit
NAICS codes.
Other Variables Identifying Records
Each record includes a PSCODE code which represents a specific
product line.
Release Schedule
The data in this file are scheduled for release in the fourth
quarter of 2010.
Related Data Files
These data supersede preliminary data released in the Industry
Series Product Lines file for Retail Trade (Sector 44-45) from the
2007 Economic Census.
Data Limitations
Only industries that meet dissemination criteria are included.
Also, see 
Survey Methodology for additional information on data
limitations.
File Sequence
Data are presented by geography in ascending NAICS code sequence
by product line.
Estimated File Size
Approx. 134 MB




